language.md, before:

﻿If you speak English, [go here](english/marshmallow.md).

Jei kalbi lietuviškai [spausk čia](lithuanian/startas.md)

Nhar mai sai to, [nsit mai wefo](maibrat/tinyi.md)

If you speak Telugu, మీరు తెలుగులొ మాట్లాడుతార [ఇక్కడ నొక్కండి](telugu/telangana-telugu/Telanganatelugu.md).

If you understand Tamil, for Thirukural in Education [இங்கே அழுத்தவும்](Tamil/Thirukkural_Learning/Learning.md)

If you understand Tamil, தமிழ் வணக்கம் [இங்கே அழுத்தவும்](Tamil/Thirukural.md)

தமிழ் வணக்கம்! To view Tamil Proverb about Friendship [Click Here](Tamil/Thirukural.md)

தமிழ் வணக்கம்!To view ponmozhigal [Click Here](Tamil/Vivekanandha/ponmozhigal.md)

If you speak Punjabi, [go here](punjabi/punjabi.md).

यिद तपाई नेपाली बोलनुहुनछ भने, [यहाँ िथचनुहोस ।](nepali/about_nepal.md)

如果你说中文，[点击这里](Chinese/大话西游.md).

如果你说中文而且想要了解一个新的世界，[请点击这里](Chinese/DesertHell/NewWorld.md).

Si hablas español, pasa [por aquí](espanol/canudos.md).

اذا كنت تتحدث العربية، [اضغط هنا](arabic/salamoAlikom.md)

Se parli italiano, [seguimi](Italian/caramelle.md).

Türkçe konuşuyorsanız, [buraya](turkce/hatmisekeri.md).

한국어를 사용하신다면, [여기를 클릭](korean/marshmallow.md).

Si parles Català, fes [clic aquí](catala/catala.md).

Daca vorbesti romana, [da click aici](romanian/nalba.md).

Ifyay ouyay eakspay Igpay Atinlay, [ogay erehay](pig-latin/arshmallowmay.md).

Si vous parlez français, [suivez-moi](french/feu-de-camp.md)

Ha beszélsz magyarul, [kövess](hungarian/malyvacukor.md)

Если вы говорите по-русски, то вам [сюда](russian/zefir.md)

Калі вы размаўляеце па-беларуску, вам [сюды] (belarussian/zefir.md)

Pokud mluvíš česky, [pokračuj zde](czech/marsmelouny.md).

Toegang tot de [nederlandse versie](dutch/welkom.md).

Jeśli mówisz po polsku, [kliknij tutaj](Polish/ptasieMleczko.md).

Se você fala português, [entre aqui](portugues/colaborando.md)

Se fala Português_PT, [clique aqui](portugues_pt/colaborar.md).

Ако говорите български, кликнете [тук](bulgarian/burning_room.md).

日本語を使う人は、[ここ](japanese/chasitsu.md)に行ってください。

Jos puhut suomea, jatka [tänne](finnish/sauna.md)

Rägite eesti keeles, vajutage [siia](estonian/raamat.md).

Якщо ви говорите українською, перейдіть за [посиланням](ukrainian/marshmallow.md).

Falls Sie Deutsch sprechen, beginnen Sie [hier](german/ruderboot.md).

Euskalduna bazara, joan [hona](basque/gaztelua.md).

เรียนเชิญเข้าภาษาไทย Welcome to [Thailand](Thai/Songs/ThaiSong_FanJa.md)

And if you like [Thai food](Thai/Cuisine/TomYumKung.md)

Maligayang Bati! [Philippines](Philippines/salamat.md)

אם אתה מדבר עברית, [לחץ כאן](hebrew/marshmallow.md).

Εάν μιλάτε ελληνικά, συνεχίστε [εδώ](greek/marshmallow.md)

Ja runā latviski, [dodies šeit](./latvian/zefirs.md).

Hvis du taler dansk, [tryk her](danish/velkommen.md)

Ifall du pratar svenska, [tryck här](swedish/start.md)

Hvis du snakker norsk, [trykk her](norwegian/start.md)

Ako govoris hrvatski, [klikni ovdje](croatian/sljez.md)

Ak hovoríš po slovensky, [klikni sem](slovak/marsmelaci.md)

اگر به زبان فارسی صحبت می‌کنید، [به اینجا بروید](persian/otagheh-basteh.md)

आप हिंदी बोलते हैं   ?,[go here](hindi/bollywood.md)

ನೀವು ಕೆಚ್ಚೆದೆಯ ಕನ್ನಡಿಗರಾದರೆ, [ಇಲ್ಲಿ ಒತ್ತಿ](kannada/soochike.md).

Če govoriš slovensko, [klikni sem](slovenian/začetek.md).

తెలుగులో రాయుటకు [ఇక్కడ](telugu/telugu.md) నొక్కండి.:-)

ಕುಡ್ಲದ ಜನ [ಇಡೆ ಒತ್ತುಲ](tulu/tulu.md)ೆ.

Кыргызча сүйлөсөңөр, [бул жака.](kyrgyz/makal-lakaptar.md)

Se falas galego, [achégate](galician/lua.md).

click vaj tlhIngan Hol Dajatlh'a' [naDev click](klingon/start.md)

तुम्हाला मराठी भाषा येत असेल तर इथे जा: [संकेथ्स्थळ ](Marathi/marathi.md)

Po flisni shqip, [shkoni ketu](albanian/hyrje.md)

നിങ്ങളുടെ ഭാഷ മലയാളം ആണെങ്കിൽ, 
[ഇവിടെ ക്ലിക്ക് ചെയ്യുക](Malayalam/malayalam.md)

[ئەگەر کوردی ئەزانیت کلیک بکە](kurdish/kurdi.md)

Ako govorite srpski [klikni ovde](serbian/start.md)

If you speak Urdu [click here](urdu/urdu-news.md)

Ako govorite Bosanski jezik/If You speak Bosnian language [kliknite ovdje/click here](Bosnian/Bosnian_story.md)

Nếu bạn nói tiếng Việt, [nhấn vào link này](vietnamese/kechuyen.md).

Se vi parolas esperanton, alklaki [tie] (esperanto/komenci.md).

ئەگەر ئۇيغۇرچە سۆزلىسىڭىز، [بۇ يەرگە كىرىڭ](uyghurish/uyghurish-story.md)

Na kama lugha yako ni Swahili, [click hapa](swahili/swahili.md)

As jy Afrikaans kan praat, gaan [hier](afrikaans/kos.md)

=======
Kama unazungumza kiswahili [ingia hapa](swahili/marshmallow.md)

If you speak Gujarati, go [here](Gujarati/gujarati.md).

If you want learn Telugu, click [here](Telugu/Telugu.md).

If you want to know more about IoT, click [here](english/iot/intro.md).

If GibberisHkjsbckjsjcn,[hereeekdcskj](Gibberish/Gibberish.md)

તમે ગુજરાતી છો તો [અહી](Gujarati/અમે ગુજરાતી લોકો છીએ/અમે ગુજરાતી લોકો છીએ.md) જાઓ  

To explore the বাংলা  (bangla/bengali) search engine, news portals, and blogs [click here](bangla/bangla-portals.md).

Commit message:

Adding the language of love, oh....

language.md, after:

﻿If you speak English, [go here](english/marshmallow.md).

Jei kalbi lietuviškai [spausk čia](lithuanian/startas.md)

Nhar mai sai to, [nsit mai wefo](maibrat/tinyi.md)

If you speak Telugu, మీరు తెలుగులొ మాట్లాడుతార [ఇక్కడ నొక్కండి](telugu/telangana-telugu/Telanganatelugu.md).

If you understand Tamil, for Thirukural in Education [இங்கே அழுத்தவும்](Tamil/Thirukkural_Learning/Learning.md)

If you understand Tamil, தமிழ் வணக்கம் [இங்கே அழுத்தவும்](Tamil/Thirukural.md)

தமிழ் வணக்கம்! To view Tamil Proverb about Friendship [Click Here](Tamil/Thirukural.md)

தமிழ் வணக்கம்!To view ponmozhigal [Click Here](Tamil/Vivekanandha/ponmozhigal.md)

If you speak Punjabi, [go here](punjabi/punjabi.md).

यिद तपाई नेपाली बोलनुहुनछ भने, [यहाँ िथचनुहोस ।](nepali/about_nepal.md)

If you speak the language of love, [kiss here](love/love.md)

如果你说中文，[点击这里](Chinese/大话西游.md).

如果你说中文而且想要了解一个新的世界，[请点击这里](Chinese/DesertHell/NewWorld.md).

Si hablas español, pasa [por aquí](espanol/canudos.md).

اذا كنت تتحدث العربية، [اضغط هنا](arabic/salamoAlikom.md)

Se parli italiano, [seguimi](Italian/caramelle.md).

Türkçe konuşuyorsanız, [buraya](turkce/hatmisekeri.md).

한국어를 사용하신다면, [여기를 클릭](korean/marshmallow.md).

Si parles Català, fes [clic aquí](catala/catala.md).

Daca vorbesti romana, [da click aici](romanian/nalba.md).

Ifyay ouyay eakspay Igpay Atinlay, [ogay erehay](pig-latin/arshmallowmay.md).

Si vous parlez français, [suivez-moi](french/feu-de-camp.md)

Ha beszélsz magyarul, [kövess](hungarian/malyvacukor.md)

Если вы говорите по-русски, то вам [сюда](russian/zefir.md)

Калі вы размаўляеце па-беларуску, вам [сюды] (belarussian/zefir.md)

Pokud mluvíš česky, [pokračuj zde](czech/marsmelouny.md).

Toegang tot de [nederlandse versie](dutch/welkom.md).

Jeśli mówisz po polsku, [kliknij tutaj](Polish/ptasieMleczko.md).

Se você fala português, [entre aqui](portugues/colaborando.md)

Se fala Português_PT, [clique aqui](portugues_pt/colaborar.md).

Ако говорите български, кликнете [тук](bulgarian/burning_room.md).

日本語を使う人は、[ここ](japanese/chasitsu.md)に行ってください。

Jos puhut suomea, jatka [tänne](finnish/sauna.md)

Rägite eesti keeles, vajutage [siia](estonian/raamat.md).

Якщо ви говорите українською, перейдіть за [посиланням](ukrainian/marshmallow.md).

Falls Sie Deutsch sprechen, beginnen Sie [hier](german/ruderboot.md).

Euskalduna bazara, joan [hona](basque/gaztelua.md).

เรียนเชิญเข้าภาษาไทย Welcome to [Thailand](Thai/Songs/ThaiSong_FanJa.md)

And if you like [Thai food](Thai/Cuisine/TomYumKung.md)

Maligayang Bati! [Philippines](Philippines/salamat.md)

אם אתה מדבר עברית, [לחץ כאן](hebrew/marshmallow.md).

Εάν μιλάτε ελληνικά, συνεχίστε [εδώ](greek/marshmallow.md)

Ja runā latviski, [dodies šeit](./latvian/zefirs.md).

Hvis du taler dansk, [tryk her](danish/velkommen.md)

Ifall du pratar svenska, [tryck här](swedish/start.md)

Hvis du snakker norsk, [trykk her](norwegian/start.md)

Ako govoris hrvatski, [klikni ovdje](croatian/sljez.md)

Ak hovoríš po slovensky, [klikni sem](slovak/marsmelaci.md)

اگر به زبان فارسی صحبت می‌کنید، [به اینجا بروید](persian/otagheh-basteh.md)

आप हिंदी बोलते हैं   ?,[go here](hindi/bollywood.md)

ನೀವು ಕೆಚ್ಚೆದೆಯ ಕನ್ನಡಿಗರಾದರೆ, [ಇಲ್ಲಿ ಒತ್ತಿ](kannada/soochike.md).

Če govoriš slovensko, [klikni sem](slovenian/začetek.md).

తెలుగులో రాయుటకు [ఇక్కడ](telugu/telugu.md) నొక్కండి.:-)

ಕುಡ್ಲದ ಜನ [ಇಡೆ ಒತ್ತುಲ](tulu/tulu.md)ೆ.

Кыргызча сүйлөсөңөр, [бул жака.](kyrgyz/makal-lakaptar.md)

Se falas galego, [achégate](galician/lua.md).

click vaj tlhIngan Hol Dajatlh'a' [naDev click](klingon/start.md)

तुम्हाला मराठी भाषा येत असेल तर इथे जा: [संकेथ्स्थळ ](Marathi/marathi.md)

Po flisni shqip, [shkoni ketu](albanian/hyrje.md)

നിങ്ങളുടെ ഭാഷ മലയാളം ആണെങ്കിൽ, 
[ഇവിടെ ക്ലിക്ക് ചെയ്യുക](Malayalam/malayalam.md)

[ئەگەر کوردی ئەزانیت کلیک بکە](kurdish/kurdi.md)

Ako govorite srpski [klikni ovde](serbian/start.md)

If you speak Urdu [click here](urdu/urdu-news.md)

Ako govorite Bosanski jezik/If You speak Bosnian language [kliknite ovdje/click here](Bosnian/Bosnian_story.md)

Nếu bạn nói tiếng Việt, [nhấn vào link này](vietnamese/kechuyen.md).

Se vi parolas esperanton, alklaki [tie] (esperanto/komenci.md).

ئەگەر ئۇيغۇرچە سۆزلىسىڭىز، [بۇ يەرگە كىرىڭ](uyghurish/uyghurish-story.md)

Na kama lugha yako ni Swahili, [click hapa](swahili/swahili.md)

As jy Afrikaans kan praat, gaan [hier](afrikaans/kos.md)

=======
Kama unazungumza kiswahili [ingia hapa](swahili/marshmallow.md)

If you speak Gujarati, go [here](Gujarati/gujarati.md).

If you want learn Telugu, click [here](Telugu/Telugu.md).

If you want to know more about IoT, click [here](english/iot/intro.md).

If GibberisHkjsbckjsjcn,[hereeekdcskj](Gibberish/Gibberish.md)

તમે ગુજરાતી છો તો [અહી](Gujarati/અમે ગુજરાતી લોકો છીએ/અમે ગુજરાતી લોકો છીએ.md) જાઓ  

To explore the বাংলা  (bangla/bengali) search engine, news portals, and blogs [click here](bangla/bangla-portals.md).
