english/friendly-person/friendly-person.md, before:

As you get closer, you suddenly realize that the person on the path is you!
You look different somehow. You look good, happy, peaceful.

You ask yourself a question:

Is this me in a parallel world maybe? 

But then you notice that on of them pulls a gun on you.
All of a sudden he starts talking to you and you hear this strange, full of despise voice. He says:
I know what you're thinking: "Did he fire six shots or only five?" 
Well, to tell you the truth, in all this excitement, I've kinda lost track myself. 
But being this is a .44 Magnum, the most powerful handgun in the world, and 
would blow your head clean off, you've got to ask yourself one question: 
'Do I feel lucky?' Well, do ya, punk?

You're about to start talking to them, when you realize you can't actually open
your mouth. It's kind of sealed. "What shall I do to communicate then?", you think:

[Wave](wave/wave.md) frantically in front of them 

Or [attempt to communicate via telepathy](telepathy/telepathy.md).

You begin playing [charades](charades/charades.md).

[Panic!!](panic/panic.md)

Commit message:

add feeling lucky option and consequence

english/friendly-person/friendly-person.md, after:

As you get closer, you suddenly realize that the person on the path is you!
You look different somehow. You look good, happy, peaceful.

You ask yourself a question:

Is this me in a parallel world maybe? 

But then you notice that on of them pulls a gun on you.
All of a sudden he starts talking to you and you hear this strange, full of despise voice. He says:
I know what you're thinking: "Did he fire six shots or only five?" 
Well, to tell you the truth, in all this excitement, I've kinda lost track myself. 
But being this is a .44 Magnum, the most powerful handgun in the world, and 
would blow your head clean off, you've got to ask yourself one question: 
'Do I feel lucky?' Well, do ya, punk?

You think to your self...  

"you know... I DO [feel LUCKY](lucky/lucky.md)" 

OR

"I've never been lucky... nothing ever goes right for me...  now I've got a gun
pointed in my face put there by me!  This goes down as a pretty bad day."

You're about to start talking to them, when you realize you can't actually open
your mouth. It's kind of sealed. "What shall I do to communicate then?", you think:

[Wave](wave/wave.md) frantically in front of them 

Or [attempt to communicate via telepathy](telepathy/telepathy.md).

You begin playing [charades](charades/charades.md).

[Panic!!](panic/panic.md)
