english/wikipedia/wiki.md, before:

You enter a world called 'Wikipedia.'

One of the greatest knowledge sites ever !

It is best of the internet.

It is free.

Potato

It is mesmerizing.

It is transcendental.

Information, incalculable information, at your fingertips.

You are blind to all but your exploration of the known and unknown universe.

And you don't have to go to the library.

[Behold!](http://en.wikipedia.org)

You may also like it's sister site, wikiyoyage (https://www.wikivoyage.org) 
with more detailed information on travel destinations.

You are so impressed with Wikipedia, you decide that you might even like to 
[donate](http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Support_Wikipedia/en) some money to help keep Wikipedia running.

Jimmy Wales would really appreciate the donation, since not everyone donates,
but seemingly everyone makes use of Wikipedia!

Until you get bored and go explore [here](https://www.urbandictionary.com) instead.

Then after you explore the website, you learn a few neat tricks. 

[Play minecraft](../you-are-in-minecraft/minecraft.md)

[Play Skyrim](../fus-roh-dah/fus-roh-dah.md)

[Learn Calculus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calculus)

Commit message:

Add a sentence on creating your channel on YouTube

english/wikipedia/wiki.md, after:

You enter a world called 'Wikipedia.'

One of the greatest knowledge sites ever !

It is best of the internet.

It is free.

Potato

It is mesmerizing.

It is transcendental.

Information, incalculable information, at your fingertips.

You are blind to all but your exploration of the known and unknown universe.

And you don't have to go to the library.

[Behold!](http://en.wikipedia.org)

You may also like it's sister site, wikiyoyage (https://www.wikivoyage.org) 
with more detailed information on travel destinations.

You are so impressed with Wikipedia, you decide that you might even like to 
[donate](http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Support_Wikipedia/en) some money to help keep Wikipedia running.

Jimmy Wales would really appreciate the donation, since not everyone donates,
but seemingly everyone makes use of Wikipedia!

Until you get bored and go explore [here](https://www.urbandictionary.com) instead.

Then after you explore the website, you learn a few neat tricks.

Then you want to show the world your new tricks by creating your own channel on [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/). 

[Play minecraft](../you-are-in-minecraft/minecraft.md)

[Play Skyrim](../fus-roh-dah/fus-roh-dah.md)

[Learn Calculus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calculus)
